Write a short essay discussing the relationship between an SCI principle
of your choosing and a Computer Science principle that is relevant for
this MPP course. Richer content will be awarded more credit.

I can relate MPP with SCI principle. Following things i can relate with Inheritance , functional programming, streams 

Inheritance in Java allows subclasses to be enjoyed (and reused) 
 Superclass properties. All Java classes  automatically inherit from the Object class. 
 Transcendental consciousness is and goes beyond pure consciousness 
 The level of active thinking, it is the innate right and the  essential nature of 
 Everyone. Everyone "inherits" from pure consciousness. Wholeness moves within itself: for a sense of unity 
 Deeper awareness: the only data and behavior that exists in  
 The universe is "inherited" from pure consciousness-everything 
 In this state, it is seen as a play of one's consciousness.

In Java SE 7, the only first-class citizens are objects, created from classes. The 
 valuable techniques of functional programming and a declarative style can be 
 approximated using functional interfaces.In Java SE 8, functions – in the form of lambda expressions – have become firstclass citizens, and can be passed as arguments and occur as return values. In this 
 new version, the advantage of functional programming with its declarative style is 
 now supported in the language 
 
 Transcendental Consciousness: TC, which can be experienced in the stillness of 
 one`s awareness through transcending, is where the laws of nature begin to operate 
 – it is the home of all the laws of nature 
 Impulses Within the Transcendental Field: As TC becomes more familiar, more 
 and more, intentions and desires reach fulfillment effortlessly, because of the 
 hidden support of the laws of nature.  Wholeness moving within Itself: In Unity Consciousness, one finally recognizes 
 the universe in oneself – that all of life is simply the impulse of one`s own 
 consciousness. In that state, one effortlessly commands the laws of nature for all 
 good in the universe 
 Prior to the release of Java 8, extracting or manipulating data in one or more lists 
 or other Collection classes involved multiple loops and code that is often difficult 
 to understand. With the introduction of lambdas and streams, Java 8 enables creation 
 A compact, easy-to-read, reusable expression that performs list processing tasks  
 A very efficient method. These can be collected in the Lambda library. 
 Transcendental consciousness is the underlying field of all thought and creativity. 
 And in the end everything reveals its existence. Impulse in a transcendental field. Self-reference dynamic hidden inside 
  The  field of pure intelligence provides a blueprint for the emergence of all diversity.  This blueprint is formed from a compact representation of consistent intelligence  
 Placed on the first germination of existence. The wholeness works within itself. In a unified consciousness, the basic form 
 From what the existence of the manifest  is structured, it is considered to be the vibration mode of 
 Your own consciousness. 
 You can do generic programming using raw lists prior to Java 1.5 
 The task of exchanging two elements in a list with invalid signatures 
 swap (list, int pos1, int pos2). To use this replacement method, the programmer must do so 
 Gets the component type of the list. There is no type check. 
 Compiler 
 Transcendental Consciousness is a universal value in the field of consciousness 
 Present at every point of creation. 4.4. Impulse in a transcendental field. Existence of transcendental airplanes 
 Consciousness at each point of existence  
 Manifest fields are as rich, unique and diverse as possible.  5. The whole moves within itself. At Unity Consciousness, life around the world is valued 
 The sources of both unity and diversity have been united, so as completely as possible 
 Living reality.

 